hi everyone this is part 2 by short clip
27 step with a curling top now and you
can see I am ever we're finished I still
at the top right here let's let um get
over back in the spine up and everything
like that now i'm going to go back and
and tell you what i did i started with
the short pieces all the way to right
about here and at the top of the ear
lobe actually the top of the ear is
where i started doing the longer putting
in the longer pieces which is deep the
middle sized track cycling him though
start strength now i'm going to start
putting it in the ball more checks but
i'm only going to put the longer trip in
on the right side of my head to give it
a blue kind of smooth link and then i am
going to take the shorter pieces and put
it on the left side obey now i'm the
only i'm going i think i'm going to
start doing it more so night I don't
like her invisible part type thing but
it's not on the invisible part because
they are work and don't then I'm pretty
much going to close its hop with this
here right here
best here it's really really good that's
it here and this color I meant to tell
y'all is actually l 74 honeymoon and
it's an eight inch and it's a good is
supposedly a very clear care that's for
a good feels real natural feeling and
the color i actually got into 27 still
Milky Way is a number one because number
one makes that's the darkest of dark and
it always makes colors pop so if you use
a black and a base color a bottle color
a base color then you want to use you
know a red or burgundy or even a green
or blue a blonde you know it's an it's
always best to use black which is
another point not one bit but a number
one so I'm going to start on their side
kind of doing my longer pieces on this
side kind of filling up this whole and
then I'm going to go i'll probably stop
right about here and then i'm going to
go back over here and do the the
medium-sized hair pieces which i still
have a lot left of that and kind of you
know curve it around to the back and
then I'll start in the top with the
blonde here so I'm kind of doing this
this video and pieces but ever go along
I'm letting guys know what I'm doing and
I'm kind of giving you a visual of how
I'm doing it now when i get to the top
to do the blind pieces i'm going to do
that whole video through and through so
you can see how to apply to the middle
but that was my only probably finally to
video that would actually have be a
tutorial of someone putting in the top
piece but how do you do that not talking
about a closure I'm not talking about an
invisible part I'm just talking about a
regular if you're gonna do like a short
quickly how to put curly piece in the
top and still make it plain not just
taking pictures you know I want to say a
video of it so this is my attempt and I
will be back with the rest of the video
after I finish up besides and i'll show
you the complete I'll stay with you the
whole time machine the complete video
apology the top okay
you